Copyright (c) 2016 Soleo Communications, Inc.

LICENSE

1.  Subject to the terms and conditions of this license (“License”), a 
perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable 
license is hereby granted to any person obtaining a copy of this software and 
associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software 
without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, 
modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the 
Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so.

2.  This License shall be included in all copies of, or copies of substantial 
portions of, the Software.

3.  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OR CONDITIONS OF ANY 
KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE 
WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, AND/OR 
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. 

4.  IN NO EVENT AND UNDER NO LEGAL THEORY SHALL SOLEO COMMUNICATIONS, THE 
AUTHORS, AND/OR THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR 
OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE, 
INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR 
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY CHARACTER ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION 
WITH THIS LICENSE, THE SOFTWARE, AND/OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE 
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF THE RELEVANT PERSON OR PERSONS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE 
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

5.  While redistributing the Software or substantial portions of the 
Software, a person may choose to offer, and charge a fee for, acceptance of 
support, warranty, indemnity, or other liability obligations and/or rights 
consistent with this License. However, in accepting such obligations, such 
person shall act solely on such person’s own behalf and on such person’s sole 
responsibility, not on behalf of Soleo Communications, the authors, and/or 
the copyright holders, AND ONLY IF SUCH PERSON AGREES TO INDEMNIFY, DEFEND, 
AND HOLD SOLEO COMMUNICATIONS, THE AUTHORS, AND THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS 
HARMLESS FOR ANY LIABILITY INCURRED BY, OR CLAIMS ASSERTED AGAINST, SOLEO 
COMMUNICATIONS, THE AUTHORS, AND/OR THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BY REASON OF SUCH 
PERSON ACCEPTING ANY SUCH WARRANTY OR ADDITIONAL LIABILITY.


6.  This License does not grant permission to use the trade names, 
trademarks, service marks, or product names of Soleo Communications, the 
authors, or the copyright holders except as required for reasonable and 
customary use in describing the origin of the Software and reproducing the 
content of the LICENSE file.
